Fixed mention of Kafka Connect (#747)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/ingest-data.md

# Ingesting data
By defult, TimescaleDB supports standard SQL inserts. Additionally, you can use
third party tools to build data ingest pipelines. A data ingest pipeline can
increase your data ingest rates by using batch writes, instead of inserting data
one row or metric at a time. Any tool that can read or write to PostgreSQL also
works with TimescaleDB.

This section covers some popular frameworks and systems used in conjunction with
TimescaleDB.

For more information about how to use standard SQL insert queries to write data
into TimescaleDB, see the [Writing Data][writing-data] section.

## Prometheus
Prometheus is used to monitor infrastructure metrics. It scrapes any endpoints
that can expose metrics in a compatible format. The metrics are stored in
Prometheus, and you can query them using the PromQL query language. Prometheus
is not intended to be used for long-term metrics storage, but it supports a
variety of remote storage solutions that can be used for that purpose.

TimescaleDB can use Prometheus as a remote store for long-term metrics, by using

> [Promscale][promscale]. Promscale supports both PromQL and SQL queries. PromQL

Reviewer: Don't know if this is just a problem with the dev environment, but this gave me a 403 error. All the other links work.

Author: @jacobprall ??

Reviewer 2: @charislam change to /promscale/:currentVersion:/ for the URL

queries are directed to the Promscale endpoint or the Prometheus instance. SQL
queries are handled directly by TimescaleDB. Promscale also offers other native
time-series capabilities, such as automatically
[compressing your data][timescale-compression], retention policies, continuous
aggregate views, downsampling, data gap-filling, and interpolation.
Additionally, Promscale supports Grafana using [Prometheus][prometheus-grafana]
and [PostgreSQL][postgres-grafana] data sources.

## Telegraf
Telegraf collects, processes, aggregates, and writes metrics. Telegraf is highly

> extensible, and has over two hundred plugins for gathering and writing different

Author: ```suggestion
extensible, and has over 200 plugins for gathering and writing different
```

> extensible, and has over two hundred plugins for gathering and writing different

Reviewer: What's our style guide? I'd lean towards numerals for "200" (marginally better readability, follows [Google's style guide](https://developers.google.com/style/numbers), which is what I think we lint against?) but not a strongly held opinion

Author: Let's roll with Google. I think I was harking back to Chicago on that one 😉
